VIETNAM ELECTRICITY
SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Independence – Freedom – Happiness
No. 6742/EVN-TTD
Re: COD of wind power projects by end of 31 October 2021
To:
Ministry of Industry and Trade;
Electricity and Renewable Energy Authority
In implementation of the Ministry of Industry and Trade’s instructions in its letter No. 6828/BCT-DL dated 29 October 2021, the Electricity and Renewable Energy Authority’s instructions in its letter No. 2134/DL-KH&QH dated 26 October 2021 and letter No. 2157/DL-NLTT dated 27 October 2021, the Vietnam Electricity (EVN) hereby would like to report to the Ministry of Industry and Trade, the Electricity and Renewable Energy Authority as follows:
Based on the Electricity and Renewable Energy Authority’s instructions in its letter No. 2134/DL-KH&QH dated 26 October 2021, upon review, EVN would like to report as follows:
Upon reviewing the conditions for capacity release, total installed capacity of wind power projects to be included in the Master Plan reaches 11800MW. Meanwhile, it is expected that total capacity of grid-connected wind power plants reaches 4000MW by 31 October 2021. As such, the current conditions for capacity release of the plants potentially achieving COD before 31 October 2021 have been much reduced in comparison with that as at the date of inclusion into the Master Plan.
The capacity release of certain wind power plants faces difficulties, mainly during day time (approximately 4-5 hours in the day time), the time when solar power generation is high in certain areas but such capacity release is good at peak hours during night time (highest load of the day and solar power generation is zero). Thanks to good capacity release during peak hours, wind power plants have been making their considerable contribution in securing power supply to the national power system even if certain generating hours may be reduced.
During the performance of Connection Agreements executed with the Investors, based on the progress of the grid facilities of which EVN is the Investor and pursuant to the Ministry of Industry and Trade’s instructions it is letter No. 3943/BCT-DL dated 02 May 2018 allowing for conditional connection agreements, the parties agreed to set out therein the clause requiring the Investors to reduce/suspend capacity generation in case of overload grid or redundant power; according to which EVN entered into PPAs with the Investors with such requirement included. As such, with the above Agreements between EVN and the Investors, the operation of wind power plants shall ensure safety, stability, and reliability of the gird without causing overload to the transmission lines and substations in accordance with the principles set out in letter No. 2134/DL-KH&QH dated 26 October 2021.
From the above assessments, based on the Resolution No. 505/NQ-HDTV dated 29 October 2021 of  EVN Members’ Council, for wind power projects mentioned in Appendix 1 attached to the letter No. 4589/BCT-DL dated 24 June 2020 of the Ministry of Industry and Trade, the projects requiring synchronous gird in the approvals for inclusion into the Master Plan include Hanbaram Wind Power Plant, Hoa Thang 2.2 Wind Power Plant, EVN and the Investors have agreed to supplement the following provisions to the executed Power Purchase Agreements (PPA):
The Investor undertakes to suspend/reduce capacity generation before other renewable energy projects which have been put into commercial operation, in case of overload/redundant power during the time when the approved synchronous grid facilities have not been put into operation.
If otherwise opined by competent state authorities that the recognition of commercial operation date is not appropriate, the Investor undertakes to comply with such opinion of competent state authorities, cancel the commercial operation date and return all energy charges to EVN, including the interest thereon (if any).
The recognition of commercial operation dates of wind power plants by end of 31 October 2021
Based on the executed PPAs, their amendments and supplements, the recognition of commercial operation dates of wind power projects is specifically as follows:
Recipients:
As above;
Government Office (for reporting);
Members’ Council (for reporting);
General Director Tran Dinh Nhan (for reporting);
EPTC, NLDC;
Legal, Planning Depts.
Archive: Admin, Power Transmission.
PP. GENERAL DIRECTOR
DEPUTY GENERAL DIRECTOR
and sealed).