 EXPORT DOCUMENTARY LETTER OF CREDITAPPLICATION TO IRREVOCABLY TRANSFER AN
You need Adobe Reader 9.0 to view this form. You can download Adobe Reader free of charge.
I/We enclose the original of the above Transferable Documentary Letter of Credit (Export Credit) issued in our favour together with any attachments and amendments. As first beneficiary of the Export Credit, I/we now irrevocably request and authorise ANZ to transfer our rights in the Export Credit in accordance with the following instructions, to the named Transferee below:/
I/We retain the right to substitute my/our own invoices for those of the transferee and provide my/our draft for the difference in value./
If within three business days of notification from ANZ I/we have failed to deliver substitute draft and invoices, I/we hereby authorise ANZ to forward the documents accompanying the draft of the transferee to the issuing bank without any responsibility on ANZ’s part to pay me/us the difference between the amount of the transferee’s draft and the amount authorised to be paid under the Export Credit./
Customer agreement:
If not already allowed, we authorise ANZ to seek approval from the issuing bank to allow ANZ to act as Transferring Bank.
We confirm that this request and the attached Documentary Letter of Credit are subject to Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision) International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 and the Uniform Rules for Bank-to-Bank Reimbursements under Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 725.
We represent and warrant that the details of the Export Credit and the terms of the transfer specified in this application are true and correct. If ANZ agrees to act upon this application, please advise the Transferee of the terms of the Export Credit and the instructions in this application.
We acknowledge that ANZ retains the right to amend presentation periods and the percentage of insurance cover required in order to ensure compliance with the initial Export Credit under advice and consultation with us.
We are bound by and will comply with the ANZ Trade Terms and other applicable Trade Agreements, from time to time provided or made available to us by ANZ or as agreed in writing between us. We have a copy of these documents or have accessed them at anz.com/corporate and have read them./
tThis application is written and executed in Vietnamese and English, both versions being equally valid. In the event of inconsistency between the Vietnamese and English versions, the English version shall prevail to the extent of the inconsistency.
* ANZ retains the right to amend presentation periods and the percentage of insurance cover required in order to ensure compliance with the initial Documentary Letter of Credit under advice and consultation with the first beneficiary.
BANK USE ONLY
Date received (dd/mm/
All checks complete
ANZ Bank (Vietnam) Limited Item No. 76277E 03.2018 W578228
Signature(s) verified
Yes	No
Manager /.